Add `_NOT` breaking change in the migration guide. (#194)
neo4j/docs-graphql: modules/ROOT/pages/migration/index.adoc

Here is a list of all the breaking changes from version 5.0.0 to 6.0.0.

=== The deprecated `_NOT` filters are no longer supported

> The deprecated `_NOT` filters such as:

Reviewer: is the list below complete? if so, remove "such as". i'd also rather not split the sentence with the list.

maybe:

```suggestion
The following deprecated `NOT` filters are removed from the schema since they are no longer supported:
```

  - `_NOT`
  - `_NOT_CONTAINS`
  - `_NOT_ENDS_WITH`
  - `_NOT_IN`
  - `_NOT_STARTS_WITH`

>   - `_NOT_INCUDES`

Author: I had an extra look I noticed that we also had the `_NOT` applied to `node_NOT`, `edge_NOT`,  `actors_NOT`, and `actorsConnection_NOT` - what is the general recommendation here be specific and verbose with different examples for different cases, or it's enough clear that all the `_NOT` are removed in favor of the same alternative? 

@mjfwebb @rsill-neo4j

Reviewer 2: My personal opinion is explicitness trumps implicitness in documentation, but there's probably a balance to be had there. I think so long as you do mention them then it's valuable, though maybe not requiring full examples.

Author: Sounds good, I put the `@relationship` filter as separate case as they have a different alternative!

> Are removed from the schema and no longer supported, to achieve the same result use the logical `NOT` operator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To achieve the same in version 6.x of the GraphQL library, use the xref:/queries-aggregations/filtering.adoc#_boolean_operators[boolean `NOT` operator] instead.
```

Here is a list of all the breaking changes from version 5.0.0 to 6.0.0.

=== The deprecated `_NOT` filters are no longer supported

The following deprecated `NOT` filters are removed from the schema since they are no longer supported:

  - `_NOT`
  - `_NOT_CONTAINS`
  - `_NOT_ENDS_WITH`
  - `_NOT_IN`
  - `_NOT_STARTS_WITH`
  - `_NOT_INCUDES`
  - `node_NOT`
  - `edge_NOT`

To achieve the same in version 6.x of the GraphQL library, use the xref:/queries-aggregations/filtering.adoc#_boolean_operators[boolean `NOT` operator] instead.

[cols="1,1"]
|===
|Before | Now

a|
[source, graphql, indent=0]
----
query {
  movies(where: { title_NOT: "The Matrix" }) {
    title
  }
}

----
a|
[source, graphql, indent=0]
----
query {
  movies(where: { NOT: { title: "The Matrix" } }) {
    title
  }
}
----
|===

=== The deprecated `_NOT` on `@relationship` filters are no longer supported

> The deprecated `_NOT` filters on `@relationship` fields such as:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following deprecated `_NOT` filters on `@relationship` are removed and no longer supported:
```

  - `actors_NOT`
  - `actorsConnection_NOT`

> Are removed from the schema and no longer supported, to achieve the same result use the `NONE` quantifier.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To achieve the same in version 6.x of the GraphQL library, use the `NONE` quantifier.
```
